if I told you that inflation was done
over and out would you believe me well
in today's video we are going to talk
about how the Federal Reserve is trying
to convince you of that we are also
going to look at what you personally can
do about these circumstances that let's
be honest everybody is feeling no matter
your income inflation seems to be
everywhere in goods and services but we
need to talk about what you the
individual can do all of that and more
let's begin the first thing we need to
look at is inflation specifically one
fed model suggests Central Bank has
already beaten inflation yes that's
right congratulations to the Federal
Reserve I've got a story for you you
know you can talk about fairy tales all
day long but are people actually
believing it well that's a different
case in today uh you know in these
videos here I try to highlight what they
show you and then what the actual
circumstances are because we don't want
to believe what they force feed us we
need to look at the truth Walmart Cuts
starting pay for some new hires retailer
says the move is aimed at improving
Staffing others see it as a response to
Rising labor costs everywhere you go
there are more costs the input costs are
generally much higher than they were
just a few years ago and certainly that
hasn't let up at least not yet maybe
there will be a day in the future but as
of right now everywhere I look I'm
seeing inflation if you can see any
deflation anywhere other than your bank
account other than potentially your
salary please let me know I'm really
interested to know
fall in home prices may already be over
wait a second what look at this quick
recovery in prices suggests that the
housing downturn could be shorter and
shallower than expected certainly what
we are seeing is inventories that have
fallen mortgage rates that are super
high and the average Builder investor
they don't want to get into this right
now because the debt's too expensive
all of those things the games the
schemes fix and flippers that stuff was
much more successful a few years ago
harder now because you're gonna carry
these properties at too much of uh you
know High interest rate and so that's
gonna be an issue right if the borrower
has to take on nine percent ten percent
on that because remember this is not a
standard loan you would be getting for a
homeowner it's going to be higher
interest rate and then you're gonna
somehow make that back after you know
you do your Renovations and so on
it's uh unlikely for some so we are now
watching the potential that prices have
already hit their bottom and are only
going to go higher at the same time
what's happening with rent
considerably more expensive throughout
the period what are workers demands when
we look at these strikes that are going
on everywhere well in the case of UAW
United Auto Workers
they want a 40 percent wage hike over
four years
unbelievable that is amounting to 46
compounded
you got to think about that for a second
I understand first of all besides the
circumstance of you know should they
should they not
you know what I'm saying is economically
when you increase a salary over a few
years by 40 percent that ultimately will
feed back into the input costs of these
products and so we can expect that
inflation is permanently absolutely
permanently entrenched because the cost
of Labor are up there's no question the
products the services themselves that
are being used they are up and they're
not going to let go unless we have some
sort of catastrophic event that somehow
sends all of these down we know that
this is going to continue for the
foreseeable future this is just talking
about you know the strikes that are
going on UPS
they mentioned as well
UPS you know they really got an
increased significant increase that will
absolutely affect the price of shipping
there's no question about that and I
will let you know as part of my you know
the shipping that I do very regularly in
fact just did a shipment right before
recording this video and that was you
know a big expense when you look at
these things whether it's coming from
overseas or whether it's you know within
the same country I've seen an increase
there's no question about that whether
that's UPS whether that's Amazon
Logistics
all over the place see shipping ground
shipping the economy slows down by
inflation of prices this is a very
simple and yet overlooked aspect
when we have prices that rise they rise
to a certain point it hits a ceiling and
we start to see a Slowdown so I can
describe that where you see a staggered
effect first people stop spending on the
things they don't really need ah you
know what I don't need to go there or
maybe instead of going to the restaurant
three four times a week and ordering
food three or four times a week whatever
I'm gonna cut back I'm gonna do that
once a week or maybe it's gonna be once
a month
or maybe not at all and then they start
going further and further then they get
into the things you know I'm gonna
instead of choosing the name brand I'm
gonna choose the no-name brand instead
of doing this I'm gonna do that they'll
start to cut backs
and we are seeing that today so that is
how this works and we are right in the
middle of that in fact Right Here and
Now recession results when people stop
spending their money So eventually to
get to a point they say okay I can't
spend any more I can only spend in the
absolute necessities and I'm even
cutting back on that that's when we have
a recession it's when the average person
not when the Jeff Bezos doesn't buy his
new yacht that's not how it works all
right money printing is the government's
way out which will of course result in
more inflation so be prepared for that
be prepared for them to you know Stave
it off for a period of time oh my
goodness you know it's coming
and I want to ask you this question do
you think that the Fed
will cut interest rates do you think
that they're going to start more money
printing in 2023 yes or no
that's my question to you I want to know
in the comments below we can have that
discussion here we can also do that on
Discord but let me talk to you about
debt because I'm seeing some crazy stuff
credit card users got bigger limits and
then they racked up one trillion dollars
banks are doing uh Doling out more
credit to customers enticing money to
spend more but people said no no way
well just like Obama if you remember
this from a few years ago I remember
doing videos about it
quote raising the debt ceiling is a
lousy name which is why members of
Congress in both parties don't like to
vote on it because it makes you
vulnerable in a political campaign
he continued by saying raising the debt
ceiling quote does not increase our debt
it doesn't increase or grow our deficits
it does not allow for a single dime in
increased spending all it does is allow
the treasury Department to pay for what
Congress has already spent so let's
pretend to avoid all of what was
previously agreed to if you increase the
debt ceiling you are increasing the debt
just not directly it's indirect but of
course that's what they say anyway
let me talk to you quickly about the
fact that the average credit card
interest rate is at 28 that's according
to Forbes advisor's weekly credit card
rates report uh when you look at the FED
data it's showing 22 so hey
whatever one you want to take it at
understand that people are carrying a
balance on average of six thousand
dollars at 22 to 28 percent
right now today this is a crushing blow
to these people they will never be able
to get out of that without some sort of
renegotiation of their debt uh and for a
lot of people they are not doing that
and they're getting squashed of course
at the same time you do have the student
debt which is now you know we're in that
time where they gotta start paying that
back 1.7 trillion dollars worth
40 million people are part of this at
the same time car loans more expensive
than ever before as well as the total
amount of debt more than ever before so
we are hitting records everywhere but
not in good you know in a good aspect I
mean we want to hit we want to hear good
things positive things but unfortunately
people are doing the same mistakes over
and over again
and there's only a small handful of you
probably the ones that are still
watching
that are making the Right Moves do you
know people and your friends your family
your Social Circle co-workers that are
heavily in debt
let me know
if you see that around you I hope
I hope there's more people taking the
right actions but unfortunately I don't
see that too often this is interesting
just showing us the amount of debt
credit card debt at the same time we are
seeing a decline in the savings rate so
you know what's happening people are not
saving this is money so savings rate is
money left over after all paying all the
bills uh you know your disposable income
that has the client
we see that of course that's why people
are spending more money on their credit
cards you can see this looking at bank
deposits declining I couldn't believe
that small Banks and large Banks
continuously losing deposits if the
banks are losing these deposits they've
got less reserves on hand and while
technically they don't need to keep
reserves on hand because the Federal
Reserve set that to zero fractional
Reserve banking went to
you know a whole different level
but if they're gonna keep reserves there
this would allow them to you know lend
up more if they have more deposits that
means they have more to use to make
money from but money is leaving the door
so this is the crisis for the banks
going on right now today still
continuing at the same time we need to
understand that this temporary
quote-unquote temporary and emergency
fund that the Federal Reserve set up for
these Banks well that ends very soon and
when it does there's over a hundred
billion dollars worth of loans that now
they need to seek these Banks need to
seek an alternate Source where are they
going to get that 100 billion
okay they're using this right now as a
Lifeline 100 billion
and by the time this thing ends who
knows what's going to be let's just say
100 billion where are they going to get
that money from
that's a question this is a very big
question mark
and I need to ask you the question right
now of what can you do can you sit down
can you lie down can you simply wait for
a system to be reset so that you can
then start oh I'm going to start my life
now systems reset assets have crashed oh
it's my turn now a lot of the YouTubers
are going to sell you on that they're
going to tell you you've got to wait for
this crash this big crash is going to
come in you're going to be able to buy
things for pennies on the dollar and
then that's when you start acting well
why not start today and if that does
happen great fantastic but don't bet on
that because you know that the Federal
Reserve this other central banks around
the world they want to devalue your
currency they want to print a lot of
money
and they could do that the moral
watch out
speaking of watch out watch your
unnecessary spending that's going on
today a lot of things can be
renegotiated are there things that you
can cut from where you are spending
right now if the answer is yes you
should make that cut right now that is
the easiest thing that you can do to get
a little bit more access to to the funds
okay look for opportunities within your
company if you work for a company a lot
of times positions open and you let them
go by well apply for those jobs this
might be something good if you have
overtime you might want to take that
overtime if there are things that you
can be doing you should jump on that a
lot of times these employers they love
the people that take overtime they love
the people that are applying for jobs
even if they don't accept them they want
to see that you have that initiative
because maybe it's not this time maybe
it's not the next time but maybe it's
the time after
all right
and then be mindful of where your money
is parked right now if you've got it in
a place that's earning zero you could
easily be earning five percent these
days five percent in your money yeah I
know it's not much but five percent is
better than a kick in the behind and so
that's where where you got to really
take action on all these things so I
hope that was beneficial to you you
don't these videos you gotta understand
you're going to not only get the
information that's happening the daily
events but you're going to understand
what can you actually do about it if you
want to know more actions you could take
what about real estate stuff what about
how to get out of debt all these things
are on Discord you could join me on
Discord and join Over 1300 people on
their totally free 100 click that link
in the description you will see for
yourself and by the way you will get
notified within the app it won't annoy
you just in the app of ever every single
video that I post so that one post a day
you're gonna get that notification so
that we don't have to worry about the
algorithm so check that out Link in the
description and then the comment of the
day we're talking about inflation how
the Federal Reserve
um has said that hey inflation's done
this is from Regal rocks 23. that's
funny my groceries have increased
dramatically in the last six months
absolutely I mean they think they can
lie to us
I mean you and I no maybe the average
person but we know what's going on we
realize the truth and that's why we're
here all right I'll see on the next one
take care